README.md, before:

ruby-figo [![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/figo-connect/ruby-figo.png)](https://travis-ci.org/figo-connect/ruby-figo) [![Gem Version](http://img.shields.io/gem/v/figo.svg)](http://rubygems.org/gems/figo)
=========

Ruby bindings for the figo Connect API: http://docs.figo.io

Usage
=====

First, you've to install the gem:

```bash
gem install figo
```

Now you can create a new session and access data:

```ruby
require "figo"

session = Figo::Session.new("ASHWLIkouP2O6_bgA2wWReRhletgWKHYjLqDaqb0LFfamim9RjexTo22ujRIP_cjLiRiSyQXyt2kM1eXU2XLFZQ0Hro15HikJQT_eNeT_9XQ")

# Print out list of account numbers and balances.
session.accounts.each do |account|
  puts account.account_number
  puts account.balance.balance
end

# Print out the list of all transaction originators/recipients of a specific account.
session.get_account("A1.1").transactions.each do |transaction|
  puts transaction.name
end
```

It is just as simple to allow users to login through the API:

```ruby
require "figo"
require "launchy"

connection = Figo::Connection.new("<client ID>", "<client secret>", "http://my-domain.org/redirect-url")

def start_login
  # Open webbrowser to kick of the login process.
  Launchy.open(connection.login_url("qweqwe"))
end

def process_redirect(authorization_code, state)
  # Handle the redirect URL invocation from the initial start_login call.

  # Ignore bogus redirects.
  if state != "qweqwe"
    return
  end

  # Trade in authorization code for access token.
  token_hash = connection.obtain_access_token(authorization_code)

  # Start session.
  session = Figo::Session.new(token_hash["access_token"])

  # Print out list of account numbers.
  session.accounts.each do |account|
    puts account.account_number
  end
end
```

You can find more documentation at http://rubydoc.info/github/figo-connect/ruby-figo/master/frames

Requirements
============

This gem requires Ruby 1.9.

Commit message:

adding console and web demo

README.md, after:

ruby-figo [![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/figo-connect/ruby-figo.png)](https://travis-ci.org/figo-connect/ruby-figo) [![Gem Version](http://img.shields.io/gem/v/figo.svg)](http://rubygems.org/gems/figo)
=========

Ruby bindings for the figo Connect API: http://docs.figo.io

Usage
=====

First, you've to install the gem:

```bash
gem install figo
```

Now you can create a new session and access data:

```ruby
require "figo"

session = Figo::Session.new("ASHWLIkouP2O6_bgA2wWReRhletgWKHYjLqDaqb0LFfamim9RjexTo22ujRIP_cjLiRiSyQXyt2kM1eXU2XLFZQ0Hro15HikJQT_eNeT_9XQ")

# Print out list of account numbers and balances.
session.accounts.each do |account|
  puts account.account_number
  puts account.balance.balance
end

# Print out the list of all transaction originators/recipients of a specific account.
session.get_account("A1.1").transactions.each do |transaction|
  puts transaction.name
end
```

It is just as simple to allow users to login through the API:

```ruby
require "figo"
require "launchy"

connection = Figo::Connection.new("<client ID>", "<client secret>", "http://my-domain.org/redirect-url")

def start_login
  # Open webbrowser to kick of the login process.
  Launchy.open(connection.login_url("qweqwe"))
end

def process_redirect(authorization_code, state)
  # Handle the redirect URL invocation from the initial start_login call.

  # Ignore bogus redirects.
  if state != "qweqwe"
    return
  end

  # Trade in authorization code for access token.
  token_hash = connection.obtain_access_token(authorization_code)

  # Start session.
  session = Figo::Session.new(token_hash["access_token"])

  # Print out list of account numbers.
  session.accounts.each do |account|
    puts account.account_number
  end
end
```

You can find more documentation at http://rubydoc.info/github/figo-connect/ruby-figo/master/frames

Demos
-----
In this repository you can also have a look at a simple console(`console_demo.rb`) and web demo(`web_demo`). While the console demo simply accesses the figo API, the web demo implements the full OAuth flow.

Requirements
------------

This gem requires Ruby 1.9.
